Lightweight Tile Engine For HTML5 Game Creation=============This a a working version from what I learned from <a href="http://www.johnegraham2.com/web-technology/javascript-2d-tile-engine-canvas-helper-objects/">Johne Graham</a> Additions include* dynamic viewport * circular rendering* gridded tile sets* kinetic mouse scrolling* timestep and minimal physics* plus more.... Please try this out in Chrome before any other browser. I believe it is becauseChrome uses V8, but chrome will get around 233fps where all other browsers get only around 90fps.Status------This project is a WORK-IN-PROGRESS and is not yet ready to use but you are free to take it and make it into your own! Right now this project mainly supports chrome because of how nice V8 isbut it should support other browsers in the future.TODO(in the near future)----* Fix Firefox, circular rendering is glitchy* redo sprite movements and animation (after overhaul needs redone)* Improve collision detection and more basic physics* timesteped sprite animation * Better Comments for those learning* TestsLicense -------	Lightweight Tile Engine For HTML5 Game Creation	Copyright (C) 2010  John Graham	Copyright (C) 2011  Tim Anema	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or	(at your option) any later version.	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the	GNU General Public License for more details.	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License	along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.